[Java 4.9.0] Added Spring Boot 3 compatibility instructions (#1286)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java/guides/dependencies.mdx

As a result, the classes from `java-security` will be on the classpath twice.
Once from the Buildpack and once packaged by maven into the deployment artifact.

## Spring Boot 3 compatibility

> SAP Cloud SDK can be used with JakartaEE (e.g. via Spring Boot 3, Spring 6, and Java 17) thanks to the experimental module `servlet-jakarta`.

Reviewer: I would leave out "experimental"

```suggestion
SAP Cloud SDK can be used with JakartaEE (e.g. via Spring Boot 3, Spring 6, and Java 17) thanks to the module `servlet-jakarta`.
```

Reviewer: Please add the following statement...

---

When using `@ServletComponentScan` annotation as suggested, please change the namespace...
```diff
- @ServletComponentScan({"com.sap.cloud.sdk", ...
+ @ServletComponentScan({"com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform.servletjakarta", ...
```

---

With that the dependency exclusion as explained below will not be necessay.

Author: I re-added experimental after Junjie's suggestion

> Here are instructions on how to update your application:

Reviewer: I would argue we can move out the whole chapter into either a blog post or as an FAQ entry.

A **Spring Boot 3 migration guide** does not fit the general "dependencies" documentation page, I think.

```

3. Replace any `javax` dependency with a `jakarta` dependency:

```xml
<!--Before-->
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>javax.inject</groupId>
        <artifactId>javax.inject</artifactId>
    </dependency>
    <!--After-->
    <dependency>
        <groupId>jakarta.inject</groupId>
        <artifactId>jakarta.inject-api</artifactId>
        <version>2.0.1</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

Don't forget to replace `javax` imports in Java files with `jakarta` imports.

4. Modify the existing `scp-cf` dependency to enable the new `servlet-jakarta` module:

```xml
<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform</groupId>
        <artifactId>scp-cf</artifactId>
        <exclusions>
            <exclusion>
                <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform</groupId>
                <artifactId>servlet</artifactId>
            </exclusion>
        </exclusions>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.sap.cloud.sdk.cloudplatform</groupId>
        <artifactId>servlet-jakarta</artifactId>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

5. Remove outdated dependencies:

- Remove `logback-classic`

> - Some dependencies such as the `XSUAA Security library` are not yet updated for Spring Boot 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note, some dependencies are not yet fully compatible for Java17 or Spring Boot 3.
```

Author: Should we mention XSUAA anyway to not "trap" users into migrating their project if they use XSUAA?

> - Some dependencies such as the `XSUAA Security library` are not yet updated for Spring Boot 3

Author: Only these two dependencies are don't work, other changes are only related to Java 17 and not relevant to SDK apps.
